>> Kent C Dodds: And hopefully by now,
your setup is all fresh,
and clean, and recent.
I've got a fresh, and clean, and
recent setup on my computer.
Sorry, I didn't check the font sizes,
that all right?
Hopefully, everybody can see that?
>> Audience: Yeah.
>> Kent C Dodds: Okay, cool, so yeah,
let's just explore
the project really quick.
I drastically simplified it last night so
that it would be better for you all.
And that's part of the reason
you had to update this morning.
So, sorry about that,
but not really sorry.
So, we've got some exercises.
And part of your setup script
initialized some of these exercises,
but I'm going to show you how
to jump to each exercise,
because you're gonna be doing
this the whole workshop.
And so there's a script you run.
It's npm start exercise.eslint.0.
So, the pattern is npm start exercise dot,
the technology we're using or
the thing we're doing
dot the exercise number.
And you hit that, and
what that's going to do is copy
the exercise code into
this exercises directory.
And so you'll be starting
fresh with your exercise.
>> Kent C Dodds: Couple of things,
important pieces to this.
So, for
all the exercises, you'll have both
the plugin source code and the test code.
And your job is to make the test pass.
And so to run the test, you run npm start,
and that will start up the test.
We're using JS testing frame work
because it's the best, and it, you'll
start out with like a bunch of failing
tests that your suppose to make pass.
Rats, I made a mistake.
So at the bottom of every exercise your
gonna have this elaboration and feedback.
And the bottom of like
the plug-in source code and yeah,
that's that's not supposed to be there.
So, go ahead and delete that.
And while you're doing the exercise,
I'll update it so it doesn't do that, and
I'll, and you can pull.
So that's just in the source file and
the test file it's supposed to be there.
Rats.
So, yeah, you start out with a barebones
plug in, it has all of this stuff that
I left in there for you because that
isn't useful to your learning really.
This is just read the docs kind of stuff.
And then I left your visitor empty.
And that's the visitor, excuse me,
that's the visitor that
you're gonna be filling out.
The console test here,
the no console test are using
ESLint Rule Tester which is super cool.
And yeah, it runs those.
At the bottom of each
one of these workshop
exercises is elaboration and feedback.
And this is actually a really important
part of the work shop for your learning.
Feedback is great for me,
I really appreciate feedback but
the elaboration is for you.
And it's important for
you to elaborate on what you've learned.
So, when you run the script that included
the auto-fill email script, what
it did is it should have automatically
filled your email address right here.
And if it didn't, that's fine,
that's not a big deal.
But what this does is,
if you copy this link into your browser,
then it's going to take you to a form
with a couple of things pre-filled.
And then this is the piece
that matters to you.
You need to write in your words a few
of the core concepts that you've
learned from the exercise.
And that is going to solidify and
help you retained what we've learned.
And then I'll ask you about some of those
things when we finish the exercises.
Once you're finished with that,
then remove the .skip and
change false to true so
that all of your tests are passing.
>> Kent C Dodds: So, let me, and
you shouldn't be needing to change any
of the test file contents at all.
You can reference it for
sure, but most of your changes should
happen in the actual plug-in source.
So, let me explain what this
plugin is supposed to do.
This plugin is called the no-console
plugin, and this thing actually exists.
Actually, when I was preparing
these demos and exercises,
[COUGH] all right, I was really struggling
because I thought when I want something
that's really practical, but once I write
it then nobody needs to write it anymore.
So it's not practical
once it's been written.
Some of these examples,
they already exist,
so this is more just for
your experience and learning.
So, what this no-console
plug in should do is,
it should validate that,
calling info is just fine, but
anytime you call console or
use console then that is not okay.
And we're gonna approach this at a TDD or
test driven development stand point,
so we have some tests.
And just do the minimal amount of stuff
that you need to do to make these
tests pass.
Because we are gonna handle
more edge cases and stuff.
You can do all of those
things if you want to, but
through the exercises we're gonna be
adding more edge cases to our tests.
Do the minimal amount of stuff you
need to do to make these tests pass.
>> Kent C Dodds: And what I would
recommend is taking these invalid and
valid test cases, and
pulling them up in ASTexplorer,
and sticking them inside of here.
And then copy and
paste your plugin source.
Here I'll do that right now.
We'll put the plugin source right here.
And we'll take some of these cases and
put it right here.
So console.info and console.warn,
console dot anything,
and then we'll put valid up here,
log is fine, invalid.
>> Kent C Dodds: Okay.
And then from there you can just go
ahead and write out your plugin.
By the way,
if you're really are totally stuck and
you just want to reference something,
all the solutions are in other/final.
And we're in no-console,
what you're seeing as no-console.0.
The solution is no-console.1.
So if you're really totally stuck,
you can go reference that.